[Music]
help somebody help hey leave them alone
it's a tough world out there and it's
getting tougher all the time and the
world is not going to change hello is
anybody here it's you that has to change
something amazing happened
you have to see what I found there's
something written in the card put it
into Google Translate it means sort of
Arthur what if it's the sword in the
stone there are four days until the
solar eclipse when Morgana will enter
the world of the Living Allowance push
stop that's ridiculous I'm 12
I thought Nolan was a pushpin of lat you
look for 16 an ingenious alias in order
to monitor incognito you will need to
assemble a team of Knights Arthur's
knights gathered a round table so that
they were all equal and look quick
Bettis lifts up the flaps see oh my god
you're such a nerd this is destiny the
five of us won't stand a chance northern
we need to raise an army
how are you Millie eighteen this is
instead of lessons today
[Applause]
like my worries
the worst ever happy
why did you drive Mario Kart love don't
freak out okay Lady of the lake please
return Excalibur
[Music]